hi people i hope you are fine i
have mega buck on this place leads video
Today, it is about one
patchwork rott that was iii and me
think many of you know as well
I had already announced that I
In any case, video is about doing it
I'll show you and that as always
Three combination with this sexy skirt
for warmer days shorter for you so
I have over there such a small she
up there in the corner and that's mine
card and there I link you
I just look for similar things
out there you will find there and then
otherwise for all those one
had a little thought keeps the rock
slipped since not I do not know who
I'm a bit unsure about that
another surprise and I wish
Have fun with the video outfit
Number one is that you see and
I certainly have one here
This pouch bag in the fringes lures the
I find it very very cool is already so
a bit in the booking direction
But I think that fits in any case
also the rock is very very colorful on
that's why i find the color for everyone
case very nice and combined
I just have one
simple white shirt what yes in front
is simpler than from behind behind
that is completely by beheaded with
to little golden buttons and me
think that makes the top but then
a little bit more special on everyone
case airy it is a substance and that
I can definitely wear only
when it's warmer, too
you combine the ankle boots
They are also ankle boots which I only
put on warmer days and I think
the shoes with the bag of the shade he
fits in any case very well together
and keeps the whole outfit good
in spite of not being allowed to miss
of course a lot of small bangles in the
bund then again such a longer one
chain the
really nothing with my bracelet
has to do but I think it fits
actually quite good together
number 2 1 love and that's often one
a bit more comfortable because of course
flat shoes on and off
Roman sandals I find on each
falling very very cool are this year
in any case properly announced their
you can check out the info
answer I find that match the
look of the patchwork rocks on each one
very cool
my bag bag with the many
fringe is also in this look
and as a top I have now
that is a bit of a yes
a little more where funnier say so
So it should not be so simple
Her son crocheted the top and
here below, another such edge and
from behind I find is totally sweet
button again but only so until
Half fall then the back is free
And definitely a cool place
I think is not too much but also
not too little and he has it a try
colder is yes because in the spring
or in summer there are days where i am
freezing
I prefer that
For safety's sake jacket with there again
I have a denim jacket combined
I think that's definitely one of those
outfit where you go cool in the university
can and then spontaneously that
can drink with only three of my
love and you believe you see that
all before it so that sporting
and I think it works too
patchwork skirt though you look
so look at it then come one
Of course first so bullock or anyway
a bit simpler somehow in the
It makes sense, but I tried that too
combine and was something
surprised I have supreme people
is called hooded pullover and taken
In terms of color you can really look forward to it
nothing specific hold actually
all the colors go in this one
To find a patchwork skirt I am
I've decided pink and
to talk when I am now then
the surprise comes in the beginning
had mentioned and if you love her
So do not worry about it
you can rock this this now
confess because the hero bombproof
above, just have one
safety pin here this jersey band
pulled through and in principle you can
you tie so tight or closer
lace as you want to go through each one
case no worries make us makes you
the roc d'azur
I think it's super cool and comfortable
I also combined it with lipstick
Of course, I would normally have
or somehow maybe
Dark or so but I thought nee makes
that was a bit maybe now
single or one color one now
not necessarily for that
combine so I can show
she looks like that and then I have
just silver to chosen and I think
that is very cool too
overall look and as a bag I have
mine thought again my
homemade bag I had
tinkered outside in old t shirts videos
even borrow if you do not know it
could there like to come in as a
I hope the video has you
So I liked it a lot
I am very very curious about everything
prophecy yells to me because I know that
some on this video already
have been waiting
and let me please in the
Comments there is a two or three
good all three what do you think best
I also give NEN tip today and
Although I would say I actually like that
I also like 1 but I think so
I'm more so in this chilling now
sporty mode and that's why there is
ne 3 of me today I think tip 1
with the chassis track pretty cool because
you can vary that so if you
do not bother or somehow
to vote in color for an outfit
would you pull the pull out anger
with a safety pin through and
that's cool in any case
that you have the option and yes
otherwise
iris first on my channel since
look like you like to leave more videos
also like but then you miss otherwise
nothing else and I would be happy
next time we will be back
see